README.md, before:

# SharpLink
A [Lavalink](https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink) wrapper for Discord.Net!

[![NuGet Pre Release](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/SharpLink.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/SharpLink/)

## `Getting Started`

- Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink#server-configuration) to setup Lavalink.
- Once Lavalink is up and running follow the code example below to setup Sharplink.

```cs
DiscordSocketClient client = new DiscordSocketClient();
LavalinkManager lavalinkManager = new LavalinkManager(client, new LavalinkManagerConfig
{
    ServerAddress = "127.0.0.1",
    ServerPort = 2333,
    Authorization = "YOUR_SECRET_AUTHORIZATION_KEY",
    TotalShards = 1 
});
```
*Notes:* 
> You don't have to pass a `LavalinkManagerConfig` since Sharplink uses the default config.

> Set `TotalShards` to the total amount of shards your bot uses. If you don't understand what `TotalShards` is you are probably not sharding your bot and should set this value to `1`.

> Use only a single instance of `LavaLinkManager`. If possible add `LavalinkManager` to your DI (Dependency Injection).

Once a LavalinkManager is set up it will need to be started. It is recommended you put this in the ready event.

```csharp
client.Ready += async () =>
{
    await lavalinkManager.StartAsync();
}
```

From there you can connect to audio channels, play music, and do whatever else you wish to do. Here is an example to connect and play music on a voice channel.

```cs
// Get LavalinkPlayer for our Guild and if it's null then join a voice channel.
LavalinkPlayer player = lavalinkManager.GetPlayer(GUILD_ID) ?? await lavalinkManager.JoinAsync(VOICE_CHANNEL);

// Now that we have a player we can go ahead and grab a track and play it
LoadTracksResponse response = await lavalinkManager.GetTracksAsync("IDENTIFIER");
// Gets the first track from the response
LavalinkTrack track = response.Tracks.First();
await player.PlayAsync(track);

// For legacy usage with GetTrackAsync() on pre beta-0005 (This is deprecated, please upgrade)
// The below note about search results applies to this method also
LavalinkTrack track = await lavalinkManager.GetTrackAsync("IDENTIFIER");
await player.PlayAsync(track);
```

*Notes:* To get a track from **Youtube** use `GetTracksAsync($"ytsearch:Query")`. To get a track from **SoundCloud** use `GetTracksAsync($"scsearch:Query")`.

Commit message:

Updated config to support previous versions

README.md, after:

# SharpLink
A [Lavalink](https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink) wrapper for Discord.Net!

[![NuGet Pre Release](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/SharpLink.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/SharpLink/)

## `Getting Started`

- Follow [these instructions](https://github.com/Frederikam/Lavalink#server-configuration) to setup Lavalink.
- Once Lavalink is up and running follow the code example below to setup Sharplink.

```cs
DiscordSocketClient client = new DiscordSocketClient();
LavalinkManager lavalinkManager = new LavalinkManager(client, new LavalinkManagerConfig
{
    RESTHost = "localhost",
    RESTPort = 2333,
    WebSocketHost = "localhost",
    WebSocketPort = 2333,
    Authorization = "YOUR_SECRET_AUTHORIZATION_KEY",
    TotalShards = 1 
});
```
*Notes:* 
> You don't have to pass a `LavalinkManagerConfig` since Sharplink uses the default config.

> As of Lavalink v3.1, in `LavalinkManagerConfig` your hosts, `RESTHost` and `WebSocketHost`, should be identical, and `RESTPort` should be identical to `WebSocketPort`.

> Set `TotalShards` to the total amount of shards your bot uses. If you don't understand what `TotalShards` is you are probably not sharding your bot and should set this value to `1`.

> Use only a single instance of `LavaLinkManager`. If possible add `LavalinkManager` to your DI (Dependency Injection).

Once a LavalinkManager is set up it will need to be started. It is recommended you put this in the ready event.

```csharp
client.Ready += async () =>
{
    await lavalinkManager.StartAsync();
}
```

From there you can connect to audio channels, play music, and do whatever else you wish to do. Here is an example to connect and play music on a voice channel.

```cs
// Get LavalinkPlayer for our Guild and if it's null then join a voice channel.
LavalinkPlayer player = lavalinkManager.GetPlayer(GUILD_ID) ?? await lavalinkManager.JoinAsync(VOICE_CHANNEL);

// Now that we have a player we can go ahead and grab a track and play it
LoadTracksResponse response = await lavalinkManager.GetTracksAsync("IDENTIFIER");
// Gets the first track from the response
LavalinkTrack track = response.Tracks.First();
await player.PlayAsync(track);

// For legacy usage with GetTrackAsync() on pre beta-0005 (This is deprecated, please upgrade)
// The below note about search results applies to this method also
LavalinkTrack track = await lavalinkManager.GetTrackAsync("IDENTIFIER");
await player.PlayAsync(track);
```

*Notes:* To get a track from **Youtube** use `GetTracksAsync($"ytsearch:Query")`. To get a track from **SoundCloud** use `GetTracksAsync($"scsearch:Query")`.
